11/13/12, 6:49 AM

Evans:
Everyday I see lots of strangers passing by me This makes me realized that, Life would be boring, without a girl like you. i heart tell me that you are a nice lady.. i really love to Know you.
  
Love is the passion that we feel inside of our hearts that we can't hide. We pretend to hide it, but it burns us more and more until the pain grows and grows and it never ends.

Baby, I know we are miles and miles away from one another, but I always believed that as long as our souls are connected to each other, the flame of our love will burn forever. Only souls can resist death, our physical connection is meaningless. 

 Marriage is the golden ring in a chain whose beginning is a glance and whose ending is Eternity.

 I still want you to know that distance never separates two hearts that really care, for our memories span the miles and in seconds we are there. But whenever I start feeling sad, because I miss you, I remind myself how lucky I am to have someone so special to miss.
 
Distance doesn't matter if you really love the person, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.

 Passion: There are some things in life that catch your eye, and then, there are those that capture your heart. Pursue those.

 I've been searching for someone, to show me the way, to take my hand and tell me that everything is okay; I've been searching for that person, and now I know it's true, I've found that special person and is you please every day i thought of you honey... I want deep in love with you.... i care and you are so roma,tic.
 
I want you to know that you are a lovely mother and my daughter Cami will be so happy to have you as is mother, i believe i am falling in love again, since i lost my late wife, i have never see any woman that torch my heart the way you do, i believe when I see you, my heart will smiles.

 I really want to care for you dear 

 I have a heart and that is true, But now it has gone from me to you, So care for it just like I do, Cause I have no heart and you have two. 

 Being in love is a wonderful feeling, but being loved and appreciated in return can be the most wonderful experience that can happen to your life.

 I feel something in my heart, It’s like a little flame, Every time i am writing you, This flame lights up, This flame is special for you, Because I care! 

 I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But two people can be perfect together, perfect for each other.

 Every person you meet along the way, touches your life in a special way... you have touch my heart. think about you every day of my life baby.

 I really do miss you so much.

 You may never know how important you are to me or how much I care for you, but you are and you will always be. Bear in mind that I couldn't afford to lose someone I have learned to care about so much.

 Love is the passion that we feel inside of our hearts that we can't hide. We pretend to hide it, but it burns us more and more until the pain grows and grows and it never ends.

 Passion: There are some things in life that catch your eye, and then, there are those that capture your heart. I saw the passion in you my love. i miss you.

 To me you are my rose; every day when I see a beautiful rose I think of you, and miss you, and hope to hold you in my arms.
 
I want you to know that you are a lovely lady and my daughter Cami will be so happy to have you as a mother, i believe i am falling in love again, since i lost my late wife, i have never see any woman that torch my heart the way you do, i believe when I see you, my heart will smiles.
 
Roses are red, violets are blue here's my heart; i want to give to you to remind you that I will always love you forever.

  I am waiting and hoping and wishing for the time, when we can be together! I Miss You!
  
God, send me an angel from the heavens above. Send me an angel to heal my broken heart from being in love, 'cause all I do is cry. God, send me an angel to wipe the tears from my eyes and the angel is you.
  
Friends are angels that come from above. Sent down from God for you to love. So if you are sad, and don't know what to do. Just remember that I care for you!

You have tuch my heart i have know work to say baby, i just want to be close to you. When it rains, you dont see the sun, but its there. Hope we can be like that. We dont always see each other, but we will always be there for one another. 

A candle may melt and it’s fire may die, but the love you have given me will always stay as a flame in my heart. 

How long will you be special to me? As long as the stars twinkle in the sky, As long as angels are there up high, Till the ocean run dry and till the day i die.  I really want to be close to you my love. i care for you with all my heart.

The first time I saw you and i write you, I knew it was true, that I ll always love you forever, and that's what I'll do. You don't know what you do to me, you don't have a clue, you don't know what it's like to be, me looking at you. You are so lovely my love .

Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was choice, but falling in love with you was completely out of my control.  
   
Believe me, you are the one, Whom my heart finds, Whom my mind reminds me of, Whom my destiny wants, Whom I love the most. My heart says that you like me, My eyes says that you feel something for me, My mind says that you think of me, But till now you are quiet. i love you.

 Sometimes my eyes get jealous of my heart. Know why? Coz you always remain close to my heart and far from my eyes. 

 What is the difference between blood and you? Blood enters the heart and flows out but you entered the heart and stayed. 

I love the way you make me happy, and the ways you show your care. I love the way you say, "I Love You," and the way you"re always there. 

 I looked at a sweet, beautiful rose, and then I looked at you, and I kept looking at you, for the rose isn"t as beautiful as you. 

 Thank you for the friendship you have offered; rest assured that I'll treasure it in my heart and will always remember that once in my life, I've known someone like you.

 I will always be there for you, through the good times and the bad, the smooth and the rough, or just any other time you need somebody ... Just look for me, and I'll be there for you

 You are the sun in my day, the wind in my sky, the waves in my ocean and the beat in my heart... I Love You!
 

